README.md, before:

# Eval Tracing Experiment

This is a repository of the experimental setup for tracing eval in R.

It runs [evaldyntracer](https://github.com/PRL-PRG/evaldyntracer) with our instrumented R interpreter, [R-dyntrace](https://github.com/PRL-PRG/R-dyntrace), on vignettes, examples and test cases extracted from installed R packages.


## Administration

All the experimental steps are controlled from a top level `Makefile`. 
Every experimental step is a make rule.

### Setup

To clone the latest stable version of `R-dyntrace` and `evaldyntracer`
and to install all the dependencies needed for the scripts in this
repository, run -

```
$ make setup [RDYNTRACE_DIRECTORY = <r-dyntrace-project-directory>] 
             [EVALDYNTRACER_DIRECTORY = <evaldyntracer-project-directory>]
             [VANILLA_R = <vanilla-r-executable>]
```

### Update

To update the cloned repositories `R-dyntrace` and `evaldyntracer`, run -

```
$ make update [RDYNTRACE_DIRECTORY = <r-dyntrace-project-directory>] 
              [EVALDYNTRACER_DIRECTORY = <evaldyntracer-project-directory>]
              [R_DYNTRACE_PULL_FLAGS = <git-pull flags for pulling R-dyntrace>]
              [EVALDYNTRACER_PULL_FLAGS = <git-pull flags for pulling evaldyntracer>]
```
### Trace

To trace eval on packages, run -

```
$ make trace
```

### Analyze

To analyze the tracing output, run -

```
$ make analyze
```

## Development

If you are a developer, fork the project and make changes to your copy. After you are done making changes, 
push to your fork and send a pull request. Make sure all the make rules finish with expected output.

Commit message:

Add support to update corpus and trace package code
This commit adds a script to update the corpus with the
list of installed packages. This can be invoked with the
make rule `udpate-corpus`.

A rule `install-dependencies` has been added to install all
the dependencies.

The rule `trace` has been updated to run the tracer on
vignettes, examples and test cases extracted from the the
packages in the corpus.

The tracer is invoked via GNU Parallel. Parallelization is
controlled by a file which specifies the number of parallel
tracer instances that should be run.

README.md, after:

# Eval Tracing Experiment

This is a repository of the experimental setup for tracing eval in R.

It runs [evaldyntracer](https://github.com/PRL-PRG/evaldyntracer) with our 
instrumented R interpreter, [R-dyntrace](https://github.com/PRL-PRG/R-dyntrace), 
on vignettes, examples and test cases extracted from installed R packages.


## Administration

All the experimental steps are controlled from a top level `Makefile`. 
Every experimental step is a make rule.

### Update Corpus

To update the list of packages (corpus) on which the tracer will be run, execute -

```
$ make update-corpus R_DYNTRACE_HOME=<R-DYNTRACE-HOME>
```

### Trace

To run the tracer on package vignettes, examples and test cases, execute -

```
$ make trace R_DYNTRACE_HOME=<R-DYNTRACE-HOME>
```

### Analyze

To analyze the tracing output, run -

```
$ make analyze R_DYNTRACE_HOME=<R-DYNTRACE-HOME>
```

## Development

If you are a developer, fork the project and make changes to your copy. 
After you are done making changes, push to your fork and send a pull request. 
Make sure all the make rules execute successfully with expected output.
